Reconnecting humans with themselves and with nature.
Authentically and with purpose - that’s what we do within our spas.
We cultivate the art of well-being; inspired by the Provencal art of living, warm and comforting.
We believe
in a world where everyone
can feel better.
We believe that if it’s good for nature, it’s good for you.
We are passionate about loving our natural environment and revealing its wonders to you. Taking a break with us is a promise of a personalized journey to make you feel revitalized, balanced, and inspired.
Breathe. Soak it in.
Our treatments and rituals creations are inspired by our formulations naturality and our ingredients sensory to leave you with a recharged and rested feeling, providing space for personal renewal. Spa L’Occitane lifestyle treatments were carefully crafted to offer true benefits on Sleep quality and overall Well-Being, with direct effect on holistic Beauty.
Indulge yourself.
Your experience will be crafted to customize several physical, emotional, and holistic aspects of well-being to help you feel your best and unwind your mind. Relax deeply, let us invite you to Provence.

Signature Treatments
Blending tradition, heritage and innovation, our Signature Treatments are the reflection of our expertise. Our Signature Body and Face Treatments are built around four pillars of holistic well- being : Beauty, Regeneration, Balance et Detox
To measure and highlight the benefits on sleep improvement and holistic well-being, our best-selling Signature Treatments have been tested and approved by L’Occitane laboratories as well as recognised research institutes.

Immortelle Divine Secret
Firming. This treatment helps unveiling the skin’s natural youthful glow. The Immortelle Super Extract helps to redensify the skin and restore its radiance. Combined with lifting movements and muscle
stimulation, the skin appears to be well-rested.
Reset Face & Eyes
Revitalizing. This treatment helps to smooth expression lines and brighten the eye area. Combined with Gua Sha stones, the Face and Eyes Reset Serums act as a breeze of fresh air, leaving the skin rejuvenated and reinvigorated.

Shea Nourishing Scrub
Exfoliating. This Shea enriched scrub restores the comfort of a soft, smooth and supple skin. The exfoliation is completed with a Shea, Almond, Lavender or Verbena moisturizer application, leaving the
skin hydrated and nourished.
Shea Ultra-moisturizing Body
Wrap
Nourishing. This treatment contributes to nourishing and reinforcing the skin barrier. The creamy and velvety texture of the Rich Shea Butter Cream soothes the skin and comforts all the senses, while a foot and scalp massage complete this moment of well-being.

Sleep & Reset Massage
Regenerating. Sleep is a key contributor to well-being. This treatment has been tested and accredited by the European Sleep Center in order to show its effects on sleep cycle and sleep quality. It allows to regain serenity as well as to provide an energy boost.

Relaxing
Aromachologie Massage
Comforting. This enveloping massage eases the body and mind into letting go thanks to its relaxing movements. Studies carried out by L’Occitane laboratories have demonstrated that this gentle touch noticeably improves well-being and emotional balance.

Made to Measure
Treatments
Our Made to Measure Treatments offer a personalized experience to meet every needs. Like a sensory journey in Provence, they awaken the senses, the promise of a relaxing moment in the hands of our experts.

Because each person is Unique,
so are our treatments.
To meet every need, our Made to Measure Treatments is an experience unlike any other.
Facial Treatment
Expert. A targeted facial treatment with multiple massage options available. Using products and facial techniques tailored to the skin’s mood, our experts adapt to provide a moment of relaxation all to oneself.
Body Massage
Sensory. A choice from a selection of body massage techniques that favour all five senses. Paired with Relaxing or Energizing massage oils, enriched with Almond or Shea butter, this wellbeing interlude delights the senses.
Face & Body Treatment
Complete. A combination of a targeted facial treatment and a sensory body massage for a wellbeing interlude that meets every need as well as promotes harmony between the face, body, and senses.
Complementary
Treatments
Escape. Our short and targeted complementary treatments enhance and reinforce the effects of the made to measure treatment, treating oneself to a timeless moment.

Face | ARABIC
Glow (Fresh and radiant complexion) | ARABIC
30 Min. 60 Min. What is your main need? (1 choice only) | ARABIC
Firmness (Smooth and plump skin) | ARABIC What is/are your current beauty concern(s)? | ARABIC
Anti-Aging (Divine) | ARABIC Prevention (Precious) | ARABIC Nutrition (Shea) | ARABIC
Hydration (Réotier) | ARABIC
Radiance (Queen of Meadows) | ARABIC
Body | ARABIC
60 Min.
90 Min.
30 Min. What is your main need? (1 choice only) | ARABIC
Relaxation (Wellbeing and serenity uplift) | ARABIC Intensity (Deep tissues relaxation) | ARABIC
Harmonizing (Gentle release and letting go) | ARABIC Detox (Blood flow stimulation and toxin drainage) | ARABIC
Choose your favourite massage oil | ARABIC
Cocon de Sérénité (Calms the mind and promotes sleep) | ARABIC Souffle de Liberté (Helps to regain energy and vitality) | ARABIC Almond (Softens and firms the skin) | ARABIC
Shea (Nourishes and protects against dryness) | ARABIC

Complete your Experience with one or more Complementary Treatment(s) + 15 Min.
Face Massage. Massage of your choice to brighten or promote firmness. Instant Eye Lift. Awakens, nourishes and smooths the eyes.
Scalp Massage. Cranial Bliss.
Neck & Decolleté. Beautifies the neck and décolleté.
Gua Sha Massage. Smooth face lines, refreshes and awakens the eyes.

Hammams Treatments
For Women
Pearl (75 minutes.) xxx Golden (75 minutes.). xxx Lebanese (40 minutes.). xxx Maroccan (40 minutes.). xxx Beauty (60 minutes.). xxx

Nail Services
For Women & Men Manicure | ARABIC
Deluxe Manicure (1 hour) | ARABIC Royal Manicure (2 hours) | ARABIC
Pedicure | ARABIC
Deluxe Pedicure (1 hour) | ARABIC
Royal Pedicure (2 hours) | ARABIC
Nail Enhancement | ARABIC Soft Gel Extension (1h45) | ARABIC
Gel Extension (2 hours) | ARABIC
Extra services | ARABIC
File & Polish | ARABIC Colors | ARABIC
Colors Removal | ARABIC Artificial Extension | ARABIC French Tip | ARABIC
Hand Spa | ARABIC
Reflexology | ARABIC
Swiss Foot Beauty Treatment (25 minutes) | ARABIC

Terms & Conditions
Advance Booking
The spa reception is open every day from 9 am to 7 pm. We kindly recommend that you book your treatment in advance to ensure that the desired time and service are available.
Spa Arrival
We recommend that you arrive at least 15 minutes before your spa appointment. This will allow you sufficient time to change and relax. Our therapists can assist you in selecting the most beneficial treatments for your needs. Please note that late arrivals will not receive an extension for their scheduled treatments.
Dress Code
Bathrobe, disposable underwear, and slippers are at your disposal for your comfort.
Cancellation
The treatment you choose are especially booked for you. To avoid being charged for your treatments, please provide a minimum of 24 hours’ notice for cancellations of treatments, whether they are à la carte or part of a package.
Health
When booking your spa experience, please inform us of any health problems, allergies, or injuries that could impact your treatment. For your comfort and safety, we reserve the right to deny access to our facilities or treatments to anyone whose condition is not compatible with our services.
Loss and deterioration
Unfortunately, we cannot assume responsibility for the loss or deterioration of personal items. To safeguard your clothing, we recommend wearing the provided robe.
Respect for others
The spa is a space of tranquility and wellbeing. Please be as quiet as possible, turn off your mobile phone, and refrain from smoking in the spa,
